team20/Getting_Started.md, before:

﻿
## Getting Started

### Registering and Enrolling

 1. Go to [presidentscup.cisa.gov](https://presidentscup.cisa.gov).
 2. Click **Participate as a Team**.
 3. Click **CREATE ACCOUNT**.
 4. At the Notice screen, click **Continue**.
 5. On the Identity server, enter a .gov or .mil email address.
 6. Click **Send me a code**. A code is sent to the email address you provided.
 7. Enter the Code and click **Confirm**.
 8. Enter a **Password** and **Confirm Password**.
 9. Click **Register**.
 10. Click **Team Gameboard**.
 11. At the President's Cup Welcome Page, click **Login**
 12. Click **Organization** under _Enrollment Checklist_ and choose your department or agency.
 12. Complete the enrollment steps if you're starting a new team. Create a team by setting an enrollment name or join a team by asking a team leader for an invitation URL.

> Note: If you plan to join someone else's team, don't enroll a new team. If you are starting a team, make sure your team name is appropriate for public and professional presentation.

#### Creating a Team

1. Under **Enrollment** , enter a new display name for the scoreboard.
2. Click **Save**.
3. To invite other members to join your new team, click **Invite teammates**.
4. Click the **Invite** button to generate a new invite URL
4. Click the **Copy Link** icon. Paste the invite link address into an email or a chat to share with your teammates.
5. As your teammates join, you should see them in the list.
7. When all of your teammates have joined, click **Finalize Enrollment** to “lock” the team in place for the competition. Teams must be locked before challenges can be started!

> Note: Once a team is locked it is set in stone! Members, logos, and team names can’t be changed.

8. Click **Complete Enrollment**, then click **Confirm**.

Under STATUS, each task should be checked and green meaning you are good to go.

#### Joining a Team

1. Click the link provided to you by your team leader.
2. Click **Login**.
3. At the Notice screen, click **Continue**.
4. Enter your Email and Password and click **Continue**.
5. Enter your authentication code and click **Continue**. You may have to send a new code.
6. Under STATUS, you should see the name of your team and the members who have already joined.

After logging in, under **Competition** , select the appropriate competition.


### Using the Gameboard

1. Select a tile to start a challenge.
2. Click **Start**, click **Continue**. The challenge timer begins.
3. Follow the challenge instructions presented on the screen, including solving the challenge in the virtual work space.
4. When you think you have the answer, enter the token in the appropriate **Submissions** field.
5. Click **SUBMIT** when you are sure you want to submit your answers.
6. Your status (i.e. **FAILED**) , points per token, and date/time stamp of submissions are displayed.

#### Finding the Support Code

The challenge Support Code can be found in the lower-right corner of the challenge pane. The Support Code looks similar to this: `a347c5c6`.

### Viewing the Leaderboard

In the left pane, the **Leaderboard** shows the top ten teams or individuals and the ranking of your team or place (if you are an individual participant) relative to all of the teams or individuals. Click **More...** to view the full leaderboard.

### Logging out

To log out of the Gameboard, under **STATUS**, click **Sign Out**.

### Getting help

To ask a question, report a problem, or provide other feedback on the President’s Cup Cybersecurity Competition, send email to: prescup-support@sei.cmu.edu or call (412) 268-3054.

Please include as much detail as possible including the specific challenge title, challenge Support Code, any system element(s) involved, and any error messages you may have received.

Commit message:

Add steps for Identity TOTP authentication

team20/Getting_Started.md, after:

﻿
## Getting Started

### Registering and Enrolling

 1. Go to [presidentscup.cisa.gov](https://presidentscup.cisa.gov).
 2. Click **Participate as a Team**.
 3. Click **CREATE ACCOUNT**.
 4. At the Notice screen, click **Continue**.
 5. On the Identity server, enter a .gov or .mil email address.
 6. Click **Send me a code**. A code is sent to the email address you provided.
 7. Enter the Code and click **Confirm**.
 8. Enter a **Password** and **Confirm Password**.
 9. Click **Register**.
 10. Click **Team Gameboard**.
 11. At the President's Cup Welcome Page, click **Login**
 12. Click **Organization** under _Enrollment Checklist_ and choose your department or agency.
 12. Complete the enrollment steps if you're starting a new team. Create a team by setting an enrollment name or join a team by asking a team leader for an invitation URL.

> Note: If you plan to join someone else's team, don't enroll a new team. If you are starting a team, make sure your team name is appropriate for public and professional presentation.

### Creating a Team

1. Under **Enrollment** , enter a new display name for the scoreboard.
2. Click **Save**.
3. To invite other members to join your new team, click **Invite teammates**.
4. Click the **Invite** button to generate a new invite URL
4. Click the **Copy Link** icon. Paste the invite link address into an email or a chat to share with your teammates.
5. As your teammates join, you should see them in the list.
7. When all of your teammates have joined, click **Finalize Enrollment** to “lock” the team in place for the competition. Teams must be locked before challenges can be started!

> Note: Once a team is locked it is set in stone! Members, logos, and team names can’t be changed.

8. Click **Complete Enrollment**, then click **Confirm**.

Under STATUS, each task should be checked and green meaning you are good to go.

### Joining a Team

1. Click the link provided to you by your team leader.
2. Click **Login**.
3. At the Notice screen, click **Continue**.
4. Enter your Email and Password and click **Continue**.
5. Enter your authentication code and click **Continue**. You may have to send a new code.
6. Under STATUS, you should see the name of your team and the members who have already joined.

After logging in, under **Competition** , select the appropriate competition.

### Using the Gameboard

1. Select a tile to start a challenge.
2. Click **Start**, click **Continue**. The challenge timer begins.
3. Follow the challenge instructions presented on the screen, including solving the challenge in the virtual work space.
4. When you think you have the answer, enter the token in the appropriate **Submissions** field.
5. Click **SUBMIT** when you are sure you want to submit your answers.
6. Your status (i.e. **FAILED**) , points per token, and date/time stamp of submissions are displayed.

### Finding the Support Code

The challenge Support Code can be found in the lower-right corner of the challenge pane. The Support Code looks similar to this: `a347c5c6`.

### Viewing the Leaderboard

In the left pane, the **Leaderboard** shows the top ten teams or individuals and the ranking of your team or place (if you are an individual participant) relative to all of the teams or individuals. Click **More...** to view the full leaderboard.

### Logging out

To log out of the Gameboard, under **STATUS**, click **Sign Out**.

### Setup TOTP for 2FA

If you don't have regular access to your .gov/.mil email, you can add a TOTP token to your Identity account.

1. View your [Identity profile](https://presidentscup.cisa.gov/id/ui/profile).
2. Click **Configure 2FA**
3. Click **Generate** to create a new TOTP key. This will invalidate any existing keys you have.
4. Use the provided **QR code** to add the new key to your device, or copy down the **manual input** string (64 characters) if necessary.

### Getting help

To ask a question, report a problem, or provide other feedback on the President’s Cup Cybersecurity Competition, send email to: prescup-support@sei.cmu.edu or call (412) 268-3054.

Please include as much detail as possible including the specific challenge title, challenge Support Code, any system element(s) involved, and any error messages you may have received.
