gb/Getting_Started.md, before:


# Getting Started

- [Teams](doc/getting_started#teams)
- [Individuals (Track A & B)](doc/getting_started#individuals)
- [Gameplay (Both Teams and Individuals)](doc/getting_started#gameplay)

<h2 id="teams">Teams</h2>

### Registering and Enrolling

 1. Go to [presidentscup.cisa.gov](https://presidentscup.cisa.gov).
 2. Click **Team Competition**.
 3. Click **Login**.
 4. At the Notice screen, click **Continue**.
 5. If you have not participated in a previous year's competition, click **Register for an account**. Enter an email address with one of the approved domains.
 6. Click **Send Verification Code**. A code is sent to the email address you provided.
 7. Enter the Code and click **Confirm**.
 8. Enter a **Password** and **Confirm Password**.
 9. Click **Register**.
 10. Click **Profile** in the menu bar.
 11. Request an updated display name for your user. 
 12. Choose your Sponsoring Organization. 
 13. Click **Home** then click **Team Competition**.
 14. Click **Enroll** and **Confirm** to enroll in the game.
 15. A) Create a team by requesting a custom display name and generating an invitation link to send to your teammates. *Clicking the **Generate** button more than once will invalidate all previously generated links.*  
    B) If you are joining a team, you can redeem the **Invitation Code** from your manager to join the team.

> *If you have competed in a previous year's competition, use the same email address and password as before. You can also click **Reset my password** if you don't remember your password.*

> Note: If you are starting a team, make sure your team name is appropriate for public and professional presentation. All requested team names are subject to approval by competition administrators.


### Creating a Team

1. Enroll in the **Team Competition**
2. Under **Enrollment** , request a new display name for the scoreboard.
3. Click **Update**.
4. To invite other members to join your new team, click **Generate** to generate a new **Invitation Code**.
5. Click the generated **Invitation Code** text to copy the code or URL to your clipboard. Paste the invite code into an email or a chat to share with your teammates.
6. As your teammates join, you should see them in the list.
7. Your team will be locked upon launching the first round gameboard.

### Joining a Team

1. Enroll in the **Team Competition**
2. Receive an **Invitation Code** from your team manager.
3. Under **Enrollment**, redeem the **Invitation Code**.
4. Your team name and members of your team should appear under **Status**

<h2 id="individuals">Individuals (Track A & B)</h2>

### Registering and Enrolling

 1. Go to [presidentscup.cisa.gov](https://presidentscup.cisa.gov).
 2. Click **Individual Track A** or **Individual Track B**.
 3. Click **Login**.
 4. At the Notice screen, click **Continue**.
 5. If you have not participated in a previous year's competition, click **Register for an account**. Enter an email address with one of the approved domains.
 6. Click **Send Verification Code**. A code is sent to the email address you provided.
 7. Enter the Code and click **Confirm**.
 8. Enter a **Password** and **Confirm Password**.
 9. Click **Register**.
 10. Click **Profile** in the menu bar.
 11. Request an updated display name for your user. 
 12. Choose your Sponsoring Organization. 
 13. Click **Home** then click **Team Competition**.
 14. Click **Enroll** and **Confirm** to enroll in the game.

<h2 id="gameplay">Gameplay (Both Teams and Individuals)</h2>

### Using the Gameboard

1. Select a circle on map to view a challenge.
2. Click **Start**, click **Confirm**. The challenge timer begins.
3. Follow the challenge instructions presented on the screen, including solving the challenge in the virtual work space.
4. When you think you have the answer, enter the token in the appropriate **Challenge Question** field.
5. Click **SUBMIT** when you are sure you want to submit your answers.
6. Correct answers will change colors to **Green**. Incorrect answers will change colors to **Yellow**. Fields not filled out will remain **Blue**. The current submission number, session time remaining, and earned challenge score are shown.

### Finding the Support Code

The challenge Support Code can be found in the lower-right corner of the challenge pane. The Support Code looks similar to this: `a347c5c6 a00`.

### Viewing the Scoreboard

Your current rank, score, cumulative time, and challenge completions show at the top of the **Gameboard**. 

To view the full scoreboard, return to the game home page by clicking on the round card in the top left of the **Gameboard**. Scroll to the bottom of the game home page to view the full **Scoreboard**. Click the link next to the **Scoreboard** title to open the dedicated scoreboard page.

### Logging out

To log out of the Gameboard, click **Logout** in the top right corner.

### Getting help

To ask a question, report a problem, or provide other feedback on the President’s Cup Cybersecurity Competition, send an email to: [prescup-support@sei.cmu.edu](mailto:prescup-support@sei.cmu.edu) or call (412) 268-3054.

Please include as much detail as possible including the specific challenge title, challenge Support Code, any system element(s) involved, and any error messages you may have received.

Commit message:

Add Rules and FAQ links to Getting Started

gb/Getting_Started.md, after:

# Getting Started

Welcome to _President's Cup 2021_. Please review the [**Rules**](https://presidentscup.cisa.gov/#rules) and [**FAQ**](https://presidentscup.cisa.gov/#faq) before starting the competition.

Read below for how to get started and where to ask for help.

## Teams

### Registering and Enrolling

 1. Go to [presidentscup.cisa.gov](https://presidentscup.cisa.gov).
 2. Click **Team Competition**.
 3. Click **Login**.
 4. At the Notice screen, click **Continue**.
 5. If you have not participated in a previous year's competition, click **Register for an account**. Enter an email address with one of the approved domains.
 6. Click **Send Verification Code**. A code is sent to the email address you provided.
 7. Enter the Code and click **Confirm**.
 8. Enter a **Password** and **Confirm Password**.
 9. Click **Register**.
 10. Click **Profile** in the menu bar.
 11. Request an updated display name for your user.
 12. Choose your Sponsoring Organization.
 13. Click **Home** then click **Team Competition**.
 14. Click **Enroll** and **Confirm** to enroll in the game.
 15. A) Create a team by requesting a custom display name and generating an invitation link to send to your teammates. *Clicking the **Generate** button more than once will invalidate all previously generated links.*  
    B) If you are joining a team, you can redeem the **Invitation Code** from your manager to join the team.

> *If you have competed in a previous year's competition, use the same email address and password as before. You can also click **Reset my password** if you don't remember your password.*

> Note: If you are starting a team, make sure your team name is appropriate for public and professional presentation. All requested team names are subject to approval by competition administrators.


### Creating a Team

1. Enroll in the **Team Competition**
2. Under **Enrollment** , request a new display name for the scoreboard.
3. Click **Update**.
4. To invite other members to join your new team, click **Generate** to generate a new **Invitation Code**.
5. Click the generated **Invitation Code** text to copy the code or URL to your clipboard. Paste the invite code into an email or a chat to share with your teammates.
6. As your teammates join, you should see them in the list.
7. Your team will be locked upon launching the first round gameboard.

### Joining a Team

1. Enroll in the **Team Competition**
2. Receive an **Invitation Code** from your team manager.
3. Under **Enrollment**, redeem the **Invitation Code**.
4. Your team name and members of your team should appear under **Status**

## Individuals (Track A & B)

### Registering and Enrolling

 1. Go to [presidentscup.cisa.gov](https://presidentscup.cisa.gov).
 2. Click **Individual Track A** or **Individual Track B**.
 3. Click **Login**.
 4. At the Notice screen, click **Continue**.
 5. If you have not participated in a previous year's competition, click **Register for an account**. Enter an email address with one of the approved domains.
 6. Click **Send Verification Code**. A code is sent to the email address you provided.
 7. Enter the Code and click **Confirm**.
 8. Enter a **Password** and **Confirm Password**.
 9. Click **Register**.
 10. Click **Profile** in the menu bar.
 11. Request an updated display name for your user.
 12. Choose your Sponsoring Organization.
 13. Click **Home** then click **Team Competition**.
 14. Click **Enroll** and **Confirm** to enroll in the game.

> *If you have competed in a previous year's competition, use the same email address and password as before. You can also click **Reset my password** if you don't remember your password.*

## Gameplay (Both Teams and Individuals)

### Using the Gameboard

1. Select a circle on map to view a challenge.
2. Click **Start**, click **Confirm**. The challenge timer begins.
3. Follow the challenge instructions presented on the screen, including solving the challenge in the virtual work space.
4. When you think you have the answer, enter the token in the appropriate **Challenge Question** field.
5. Click **SUBMIT** when you are sure you want to submit your answers.
6. Correct answers will change colors to **Green**. Incorrect answers will change colors to **Yellow**. Fields not filled out will remain **Blue**. The current submission number, session time remaining, and earned challenge score are shown.

### Finding the Support Code

The challenge Support Code can be found in the lower-right corner of the challenge pane. The Support Code looks similar to this: `a347c5c6 a00`.

### Viewing the Scoreboard

Your current rank, score, cumulative time, and challenge completions show at the top of the **Gameboard**.

To view the full scoreboard, return to the game home page by clicking on the round card in the top left of the **Gameboard**. Scroll to the bottom of the game home page to view the full **Scoreboard**. Click the link next to the **Scoreboard** title to open the dedicated scoreboard page.

### Logging out

To log out of the Gameboard, click **Logout** in the top right corner.

### Getting help

To ask a question, report a problem, or provide other feedback on the President’s Cup Cybersecurity Competition, send an email to: [prescup-support@sei.cmu.edu](mailto:prescup-support@sei.cmu.edu) or call (412) 268-3054.

Please include as much detail as possible including the specific challenge title, challenge Support Code, any system element(s) involved, and any error messages you may have received.
