solo20/Getting_Started.md, before:

﻿
## Getting Started

### Registering and Enrolling

 1. Go to [presidentscup.cisa.gov](https://presidentscup.cisa.gov).
 2. Click **Individual Track A** or **Individual Track B**.
 3. Click **CREATE ACCOUNT**.
 4. At the Notice screen, click **Continue**.
 5. On the Identity server, enter a .gov or .mil email address.
 6. Click **Send me a code**. A code is sent to the email address you provided.
 7. Enter the Code and click **Confirm**.
 8. Enter a **Password** and **Confirm Password**.
 9. Click **Register**.
 10. Click the appropriate competition link&mdash;**Track A** or **Track B**.
 11. At the President's Cup Welcome Page, click **Login**
 12. Click **Organization** under _Enrollment Checklist_ and choose your department or agency.
 13. Complete the Enrollment Checklist, making sure your leaderboard name is appropriate for public and professional presentation.


### Using the Gameboard

1. Select a tile to start a challenge.
2. Click **Start**, click **Continue**. The challenge timer begins.
3. Follow the challenge instructions presented on the screen, including solving the challenge in the virtual work space.
4. When you think you have the answer, enter the token in the appropriate **Submissions** field.
5. Click **SUBMIT** when you are sure you want to submit your answers.
6. Your status (i.e. **FAILED**) , points per token, and date/time stamp of submissions are displayed.

#### Finding the Support Code

The challenge Support Code can be found in the lower-right corner of the challenge pane. The Support Code looks similar to this: `a347c5c6`.

<!-- Completing the Practice round
We recommend that you and your team complete the practice round before jumping into the first
round of the competition.
After logging in, under **Competition**, select the **Practice** competition.
Select a category and point value to start a challenge in the demo.
Follow the challenge instructions presented on the screen to get an idea of how the competition
works. -->

### Viewing the Leaderboard

In the left pane, the **Leaderboard** shows the top ten teams or individuals and the ranking of your team or place (if you are an individual participant) relative to all of the teams or individuals. Click **More...** to view the full leaderboard.

### Logging out

To log out of the Gameboard, under **STATUS**, click **Sign Out**.

### Getting help

To ask a question, report a problem, or provide other feedback on the President’s Cup Cybersecurity Competition, send email to: prescup-support@sei.cmu.edu or call (412) 268-3054.

Please include as much detail as possible including the specific challenge title, challenge Support Code, any system element(s) involved, and any error messages you may have received.

Commit message:

Add steps for Identity TOTP authentication

solo20/Getting_Started.md, after:

﻿
## Getting Started

### Registering and Enrolling

 1. Go to [presidentscup.cisa.gov](https://presidentscup.cisa.gov).
 2. Click **Individual Track A** or **Individual Track B**.
 3. Click **CREATE ACCOUNT**.
 4. At the Notice screen, click **Continue**.
 5. On the Identity server, enter a .gov or .mil email address.
 6. Click **Send me a code**. A code is sent to the email address you provided.
 7. Enter the Code and click **Confirm**.
 8. Enter a **Password** and **Confirm Password**.
 9. Click **Register**.
 10. Click the appropriate competition link&mdash;**Track A** or **Track B**.
 11. At the President's Cup Welcome Page, click **Login**
 12. Click **Organization** under _Enrollment Checklist_ and choose your department or agency.
 13. Complete the Enrollment Checklist, making sure your leaderboard name is appropriate for public and professional presentation.

### Using the Gameboard

1. Select a tile to start a challenge.
2. Click **Start**, click **Continue**. The challenge timer begins.
3. Follow the challenge instructions presented on the screen, including solving the challenge in the virtual work space.
4. When you think you have the answer, enter the token in the appropriate **Submissions** field.
5. Click **SUBMIT** when you are sure you want to submit your answers.
6. Your status (i.e. **FAILED**) , points per token, and date/time stamp of submissions are displayed.

### Finding the Support Code

The challenge Support Code can be found in the lower-right corner of the challenge pane. The Support Code looks similar to this: `a347c5c6`.

<!-- Completing the Practice round
We recommend that you and your team complete the practice round before jumping into the first
round of the competition.
After logging in, under **Competition**, select the **Practice** competition.
Select a category and point value to start a challenge in the demo.
Follow the challenge instructions presented on the screen to get an idea of how the competition
works. -->

### Viewing the Leaderboard

In the left pane, the **Leaderboard** shows the top ten teams or individuals and the ranking of your team or place (if you are an individual participant) relative to all of the teams or individuals. Click **More...** to view the full leaderboard.

### Logging out

To log out of the Gameboard, under **STATUS**, click **Sign Out**.

### Setup TOTP for 2FA

If you don't have regular access to your .gov/.mil email, you can add a TOTP token to your Identity account.

1. View your [Identity profile](https://presidentscup.cisa.gov/id/ui/profile).
2. Click **Configure 2FA**
3. Click **Generate** to create a new TOTP key. This will invalidate any existing keys you have.
4. Use the provided **QR code** to add the new key to your device, or copy down the **manual input** string (64 characters) if necessary.

### Getting help

To ask a question, report a problem, or provide other feedback on the President’s Cup Cybersecurity Competition, send email to: prescup-support@sei.cmu.edu or call (412) 268-3054.

Please include as much detail as possible including the specific challenge title, challenge Support Code, any system element(s) involved, and any error messages you may have received.
